---
permalink: capsule-2018
title: Timecapsule of 2018
date: 2018-12-17
tag: [writings, capsule]
category: concepts
---

December of 2018, I returned to my much forgotten notebook and decided to jot some things down. In fact, I have not made a new entry since December 31st of 2017, but I do have ideas for more entries. This entry is prioritized, however, because I wanted to create a sort-of snapshot of my current thoughts as I turned 20 and it will be interesting to see how I will have changed.

Before I talk about the areas of thoughts that I have been intrigued by, I will first discuss the meta-areas that serves as possible-explanations to _why_ I end up at these thoughts; this includes the recent personal events and current reflections on the way I think and operate.

## Recollections of most significant recent experiences & Reflections on thought-processes

### Recollections (that is, stating the facts)

#### Emigration
I have been in the SEA, United States for over 3 years as of now, since March 2015. I had previously lived in SGN, Vietnam [1][fn] for the first 16 years of my life. The only revisit I made to this time was summer of 2018 for one month. 

#### Trips
I have made one trip to San Francisco (4 days), one to SF again, Los Angeles and San Diego (1 month) in the summer of 2017 and one two-day trip to Victoria, B.C. in the summer of 2018; the Vietnam revisit followed as mentioned above.

#### Education
I resumed high-school in April 2015 at Lindbergh High School where I had chemistry, computer programming, physics, language arts, orchestra, history and AP calculus. The following school year, I was concurrently enrolling at Renton Technical College where I took English composition, political science, and nutrition.

My application to the University of Washington consisted of: SAT score, which was 550 for "verbal" and 620 for mathematics; AP Calculus BC score at 5; letter of recommendation from my teacher C.S.; and a written essay which regarded the experience with the PolSci instructor at RTC. I was admitted as Pre-Engineering.

A list of courses I have taken up to this point should be suggestive of a trend in my shift of area of interests:

```
2016-17: 
    2.9 CSE    143 X  : Computer Programming (Procedural + OOP) 
    3.6 GERMAN 299    : Sympathy for the Devil (2CR FIG) (w/ E. Wiggins)
    3.1 MATH   126    : Calculus Analytical Geometry

    3.3 CHEM   142    : General Chemistry
    3.6 ESS    102    : Space & Space Travel
    3.7 MATH   307    : Intro to Differential Equations

    2.8 MATH   308    : Linear Algebra
    3.6 PHIL   100    : Intro to Philosophy (w/ C. Marshall)
    2.7 PHYS   121    : Mechanics (w/ G. Seidler)

2017-18:
    1CR ESRM   455    : Wildlife Seminar 
    3.7 GERMAN 298    : Fairy tales & Environmental Imagination
    3.6 PHYS   122    : Electromagnetism (w/ G. Seidler)
    4.0 PHYS   207    : Physics of Music
    2CR PHYS   499    : Undergrad Research (w/ V.C.)

    3.9 DXARTS 461    : Digital Sound Synthesis
    3.6 MATH   309    : "Linear Analysis" (w/ S. McCurdy)
    3.7 PHIL   115    : Practical Reasoning
    3CR PHYS   499    : Undergrad Research (w/ V.C.)

    3.9 DXARTS 462    : Digital Sound Processing
    3.5 GERMAN 285    : Queerness of Love
    3.8 PHIL   342    : History of Modern Ethics (w/ M. Rosenthal)
    1CR PHYS   499    : Undergrad Research (w/ V.C.)

2018-19:
    4.0 DXARTS 463    : Live Performance
    3.8 PHIL   322    : History of Modern Philosophy (w/ M.R.)
    4.0 PHIL   460    : Philosophy of Science

```

In Winter of 2018, I declared Philosophy major and DXARTS minor.

#### Residency & Transportation
##### High-school years
I lived in our sponsor's home for the first few months, then we moved to an apartment. This was within the same ZIP code and was practically the same neighborhood. Transportation was exclusively by bus or on foot for my own business.

##### Early college years
I dormed in [HGT](HGT) for my freshman year and [MCM](MCM) for my sophomore year. These are both north campus residential halls built in the 60s with brutalist architectures. I lived in a double for both years so this housing was on the cheaper end of the options. Access to bus stop was 1-minute walk away and it was 3-minute walk from most of campus. Food was mostly through UW HFS.

I roomed with a different roommate for each year, who are both Computer Science majors. I found E.S. through the common interest in digital signal processing, and A.H. through random assignment. There were no significant dissatisfactory experiences unlike the anecdotes which I heard. 

The third college year, I moved out to a house with five other people in University District. This is the first time I have to handle the utility bills and rent.

#### Occupation

I interned at the City of Tukwila doing tech support during the summer of 2015. Subsequently, I did tech support for [PAR](PAR) and Evans School in my freshman year; Programmed web-interfaces for a CEE research group in sophomore year; and tech support again in my junior year at [SAV](SAV).

### Reflections (on thought-processes, that is)

## Reflections on the experiences

## Questions and the Future plans

## Footnotes

[fn]: #footnotes

1. I use the IATA codes of the nearest airports.